hey people john here from fast films and
today we're covering the american black
comedy horror movie named house of 1000
corpses
the film starts with a static tv screen
a program called dr wolfenstein's
creature freak show starts on a
monochromatic screen
another advertisement for a place named
captain spalding's museum of monsters
and madmen starts rolling
captain spalding introduces his
alligator boy and his famous murder ride
he urges the viewers to come down to the
museum to witness the horror show in
person and to taste his famous fried
chicken as well
the next scene opens with the view of
captain spalding's museum it's october
30th 1977 a day before halloween there
is a gasoline filling station and a
clown in front of the museum
inside the museum captain spalding the
clown from the commercials is seen
gossiping to another man
the man wants to go to the restroom so
captain spalding hands him the keys
meanwhile there are two armed men hiding
in the bushes just outside the museum
they come rushing inside the shop one of
the robbers holds the gun to captain
spaulding's head and orders the other
one to check the toilet the robbers
threaten the owner and shoot a bullet
through the ceiling to scare them off
they demand money from captain spalding
the clown doesn't hand him any money
instead they start arguing
the man in glasses recognizes one of the
robbers and starts to make fun of him
as the argument gets heated suddenly a
man holding an axe with a giant mask
enters the shop he plunges the axe into
one of the robbers captain spalding sees
the opportunity and grabs his own gun
from the counter and shoots the other
robber
the masked guy takes off his mask and
starts laughing hysterically captain
spalding then moves towards the first
injured robber and shoots him in the
face too
after this the next scene starts with a
group of friends traveling down the road
while listening to the radio
the person driving the car bill notices
that the car is almost out of gas he
scolds jerry for not filling the tank
completely while arguing they come
across a billboard of captain
spaulding's shop they decide to head
towards the museum to fill the gas tank
once they pull over bill starts pumping
the tank jerry goes ahead to check the
shop to see if it's worth writing a
story about in their journal
they wake up their friends mary and
denise sleeping in the back of the car
they visit the shop and start taking
notes about the weird stuff present in
the museum
bill talks to captain spalding about the
ownership of the shop and how long he
has been running the place
bill tells him about the book he and his
friends are writing the book is about
the offbeat roadside attraction seen
driving across the country
as the ladies get free from the restroom
jerry tells denise about the tickets
they have booked for the murder ride
at first the girls didn't want to go but
the boys convince them and they head for
the tour they all sit in a hand car and
one of the tour guides pushes the car
from behind
captain spalding starts the tour by
introducing them to albert fish born in
a masochist child killer sadist and a
cannibal he enjoyed spanking with
nail-studded paddles and like to stuff
needles in his groin as well
jerry tries to cut off captain spalding
to ask a question but he shuts him up
there are some creepy dummies trying to
scare them on either side of the rail
track
then captain spalding announces a second
killer as mr ed gain
he used to take immense pleasure in
cutting and playing with female bodies
especially their reproductive organs
after that the captain introduces the
local murderer as quentin quail aka dr
satan a torturer and a surgeon who used
to intern at the local mental hospital
the hospital was nicknamed the weeping
willows because of the never-ending
cries of pain of patience
dr satan believed that he could create a
race of superhumans from the mentally
ill peoples
finally he was caught and hanged to a
tree just a few kilometers from the
museum
but the next day his body was found to
be missing mysteriously
the tour ends with the story of dr satan
as the tour ends jerry is too hyped by
the last appearance of dr satan denise
excuses them to go call his father she
finds a payphone and rings her father
she tells him that they will be late as
they had to stop at this museum and the
show they watched the next scene show a
reporter on tv declaring the
disappearance of five cheerleaders
then we see jerry begging captain
spalding to show him the tree where dr
satan was hanged he draws jerry a map
for the tree and hands him a chicken
while he departs
it's raining outside when the group
leaves the museum and heads for the
hanging tree the girls argue whether
they should skip the tree altogether and
get to their homes for halloween
on their way they meet a hitchhiker on
the side of the road
the girl named baby is standing all
alone with an umbrella they decide to
pick the stranger and give her a ride
home
jerry asks baby about the dr satan tree
she promises to take them to the tree as
it is just near to her house
on their way to baby's house a man
shoots one of the tires of the car
bill stops the car to check what has
happened they don't have an extra tire
as jerry forgot to put it in the car
baby says that her brother has a tow
truck and he can help
bill and the girl start to walk to her
house to get help
meantime we see three of the five
cheerleaders tied down in a room a
psychopath with long white hair is
tormenting them baby takes bill to her
house and lets him inside meanwhile in
the car denise and mary are playing
cards when a man appears
he has a tow truck with him he starts to
tow their car back to the house while at
the house baby starts flirting with bill
and offers him a warm marshmallow drink
suddenly a car honks outside and their
friends arrive the house of frankenstein
show is playing on a screen and all of
them are watching it
denise gets worried and asks for a phone
to call home baby's mom mother firefly
enters the room and says they don't have
any phone
she introduces her son as rufus when
jerry asks if the tow truck guy can
drive them to a payphone
baby gets up and leaves the room she
comes back in her nightgown she tells
her mom that rufus has gone out of town
to get a new tire and will be back in a
couple of hours
mother then invites them all to dinner
at the dining table a very tall man with
a mask on his disfigured face appears
mother presents him as tiny and asks him
to get grandpa mother explains the
defaced and abnormal posture of tiny and
why he can't speak as he was in an
accident when young
a scene midway shows us that baby has
two of the cheerleaders tied in her
bedroom and is tormenting one of them
while the other is dead
meanwhile at the dining table mrs
firefly asks everyone to wear the mask
if they want desserts otis the long
white-haired man joins the table jerry
asks otis about the tale of dr satan
otis tells him to forget it the grandpa
puts on a live show after dinner he
tells a few jokes and then gives the
stage to baby for a live performance
mary gets mad as baby flirts with bill
she shoves baby down and a fight starts
when rufus enters the house
rufus tells them that the car is fixed
and the group decides to leave the
creepy house at once
they all get in the car and are about to
leave when two masked men attack them
bill and jerry get attacked and wounded
then they take their masks off and it's
revealed that they are otis and tiny
they destroy the car and kidnap the
girls the next morning at halloween
rufus tows the trashed car and takes it
out of town
denise's father donald willis calls the
sheriff frank and tells him that her
daughter has been missing since last
night the sheriff decides to check up on
her when mary wakes up she finds herself
tied to a chair by otis she questions
about bill and requests to see him but
otis and baby have already tortured and
killed bill otis shows him the upper
torso of bill attached to a fish down
below
two officers follow up on denise and
visit spaldings they investigate about
denise and captain spaulding draws them
the same map after dreaming of dr
satan's hanging tree denise wakes up
terrified on a bed in some room
she looks around the room and gets
scared tiny arrives and she begs him to
let her go tiny unties her just as she
is about to reach the stairs otis
appears and puts her in a cage
baby has locked jerry in a separate room
and she then goes on to torture him
meanwhile the officers have found the
abandoned car they investigate the car
and as they open the trunk they find a
naked dead body of a girl with the words
treat trick carved onto her skin
the chief frank orders the officers
weidel and nash to accompany mr willis
with the investigation
chief thinks he might be of some help as
he is an ex-cop as well
turns out that the body is of one of the
five cheerleaders who are also looking
into the legend of dr satan
the cops drive to the house of mrs
firefly in order to ask around about the
missing kids
when the cops knock she warns otis about
the cops mrs firefly takes a gun with
her to open the door wydell is knocking
on the door mrs firefly lets wydell
inside the house while nash and donald
check around the house for any signs of
happenings
they come to a door where they hear some
girls screaming they open the door's
lock and are shocked when they see the
rest of the missing cheerleaders tied in
the room and among them some appear dead
nash uses the radio to warn wydell but
mother firefly shoots him point blank in
the head
donald and nash try to run away but otis
comes up from behind and kills donald
and then nash too
rufus and baby visit a store to buy
liquor they get home and the whole
family gets drunk meanwhile otis has
dressed up jerry mary and denise in a
rabbit suit for halloween otis has
carved up the face of donald and has
worn it on his face as a dress-up otis
reveals that dr satan is real and alive
and decides to take them all to meet him
they are all taken to an abandoned
ground nearby where tiny uses a lever to
bring out a coffin from a hole in the
floor
mrs firefly kisses jerry and throws him
in the casket as they force jerry in the
box mary runs away baby goes after to
kill her mary falls down while running
and baby catches up to her in the
graveyard she plunges her dagger
repeatedly in her chest as mary takes
her last breaths
meanwhile rufus puts denise in the
coffin too and lowers the coffin into a
tunnel otis then lowers a lamp into the
hole and closes the door from top
denise tries to wake jerry up but
suddenly there is movement all around
them and terrifying zombie-like
creatures start to gather around them
and take jerry away
terrified denise tries to run away from
there and gets caught up in some more
psychopaths who tear away her clothes
otis and baby make a bonfire and put the
body of mary on it running in the
tunnels denise finds a hallway full of
skeletons covered in webs
she accidentally touches one and the
head falls off she runs away screaming
out the hallway she then comes to a door
opens it up and enters as soon as takes
a step forward the huge metallic door
closes behind her
she finds herself in a room full of
deranged people and a lot of medical
equipment around
she tries to understand it all when her
eyes catch a barely alive body of jerry
on the table a person with an oxygen
mask on his face is doing surgery on
jerry's brain
denise screams in horror when a man with
superhuman strength makes an appearance
the man is wearing a full suit with
round red glasses and has an axe in his
hand denise tries to make a run but the
door is locked the superhuman man throws
the axe towards her but misses her and
open the door denise sees the chance and
hurriedly makes her way out outside otis
and the family set fire to mary's body
while inside denise is running away from
the attacker trying to kill her she goes
through the skeleton hallway again and
doesn't stop she runs until she hits a
dead end the man catches up to her and
tries to hit her with the axe
but he fails and hits one of the support
beams of the tunnel the tunnel starts to
crumble and falls upon him it also
knocks out denise when she wakes up she
finds herself in the rubble with the
mighty guy dead under the rocks
denise uses the debris as a way out of
the tunnel she finally succeeds in
getting out of there she comes out on
the ground with fresh air and bright
sunlight on her back
she walks until she reaches a road ahead
a car comes down the road and denise
waves her hand to take a ride
she gets in the car and the driver
recognizes her the driver is captain
spalding denise asks for help and
requests spaulding to take her to a
doctor after that she faints away in the
car there's slight wickedness in his
tone and captain spalding keeps on
driving
then otis shows up from the back seat of
spaulding's car and holds a knife to
denise it is revealed that spalding has
been behind it the whole time
denise wakes up and finds herself back
in dr satan's tunnel dr satan is doing
surgery on her brain the same way he has
done on jerry the movie ends with the
screams of denise echoing in the
background thanks for watching guys